=pod

=head2 Basic Idea

An activity stream is a list of recent activities performed by an individual. One Activity can be split in minor 
features:

=over 2

=item *

Actor: Who has made the action

=item *

Verb: a simple one word string that describes the action.

=item *

Object: where the action was done.

=item *

Target: Some times the Objects may be grouped in another Object

=back

=head2 Implementation

Activity Stream is a hard feature to do scalable. One Activity has a set status:

=over 2

=item *

Something happens and a Activity is created. The Activity will be created via a REST call.

=item *

The Activity has to be stored in the Database. We are using MongoDB has storage device, most likely other storage 
devices will be added in the future.

=item *

On request, the Activity will be loaded from the Database.

=item *

A filtering will be done at this point.

=item *

Since many things may have happened meanwhile, the Activity will be allow to do a set of Parallel REST calls to collect 
data. Just GET calls are expected in here, and a local cache will be done in here for each single call.

=item *

All the necessary data shall be loaded at this point, so a second filtering is done at this point.

=item *

On request some aggregation may be done at this point on the Actor, Object, ...

=item *

We have arrived the moment to render. The first version will render a structure in JSON.

=item *

In a second step we will use the strut generated for the JSON and pass it via a Template and generate other Formats.

=back

=cut
